---
layout: post
title:  "Book Reading"
summary: "Discussing books"
author: aoyawale
date: '2024-02-24 14:35:23 +0530'
category: books
#thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/adhd1.png
keywords: books, scifi, aliens
permalink: /blog/books/
usemathjax: true
---

 Due to having ADHD I always struggled with reading books and I couldn't concentrate long enough. The only things I been able to read is a few books required in High School and Comics/Graphic novels due to requiring visuals to keep me focused. I went to a local book store called Half Price Book and they sell used media. I already collecting older movies (DVDs, VHS etc) and decided to find books on topics I like.

 I for once love Scifi movies and video games. One of my favorite series ins the Alien/Aliens. I have watched all the movies and collected different versions and in different media. I also read a lot of the comics and love every piece of it. I only done some of the audio books years ago when I used to travel a lot for work. I decided to get a few of the books but, that threw me into a rabbit hole like most of my obsessed ADHD hobbies.

 I decided to get a E-reader because I needed something that I can use during travels and at night. Something that will not be bad on my eyes. I researched around and found one from Kobo. It really has helped me get into reading because it completely concentrates on the reading experience without any extra colors. It also allows me to resize the pages and use the Dyslexia fonts for easier reading.I been able to read around 5 books and 5 audio books from this device.

 I have jumped into movies that are based on books and bought those books. Things like The Thing and I'm a legend are one of my favorite older books. I'm going to start writing opinions on certain book series that I really like to give the opinion and probably will go in deep nerdy moments. But, I'm also doing this to help into my writing skills because my brain thinks in different languages and I start making a mess.

 

